fix(op-challenger): Migrate Scripts to Subcommands (#9337)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: op-challenger/README.md

The `op-challenger` is a modular **op-stack** challenge agent written in
golang for dispute games including, but not limited to,attestation games,
fault games, and validity games. To learn more about dispute games, visit
the [fault proof specs][proof-specs].

## Quickstart

First, clone this repo. Then run:

```shell
cd op-challenger
make alphabet
```
[proof-specs]: https://specs.optimism.io/experimental/fault-proof/index.html

This creates a local devnet, starts a dispute game using the simple alphabet trace type and runs two op-challenger
instances with differing views of the correct alphabet to play the game.
## Quickstart

Alternatively, you can build the `op-challenger` binary directly using the pre-configured
[Makefile](./Makefile) target by running `make build`, and then running `./bin/op-challenger --help`
to see a list of available options.
To build the `op-challenger`, run `make` (which executes the `make build`
[Makefile](./Makefile) target). To view a list of available commands and
options, run `./bin/op-challenger --help`.

## Usage

`op-challenger` is configurable via command line flags and environment variables. The help menu

> shows the available config options and can be accessed by running `./op-challenger --help`.

Reviewer: This seems like a useful paragraph to keep to push people towards `--help` to find the full usage info.

  --num-confirmations 1
```

The mnemonic and hd-path above is a prefunded address on the devnet.

> The challenger respond to any created games by posting the correct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The challenger will monitor dispute games and respond to any invalid claims by posting the correct
```

> trace as the counter-claim. The scripts below can then be used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trace as the counter-claim. The commands below can then be used to
```

create and interact with games.

## Subcommands

The `op-challenger` has a few subcommands to interact with on-chain
fault dispute games. The subcommands support game creation, performing
game moves, and viewing fault dispute game data.They should not be
used in production and are intended to provide convenient manual testing.

### Understanding Revert Reasons

> When these actions fail, they typically print a message that includes the

Reviewer: Is this still true when using the go bindings? I usually find the revert reason gets lost with the go bindings.

Author: Ah that's a good catch yes I believe that's true. Since the err handling is verbose in the subcommands now, we shouldn't need the user to interpret any errors.

Author: I've removed this section since it should be irrelevant now 😄
